add support for m65 a simple 5x13 ortholinear (#12012)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/m65/readme.md

# M65

> ![M65](https://i.imgur.com/L6P9n0S.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![M65](https://i.imgur.com/L6P9n0Sl.png)
```

A  (13x5) ortholinear keyboard that can be hand wired or using a pcb.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Alin Elena](https://gitlab.com/drFaustroll)
* Hardware Supported: custom pcb [see](https://gitlab.com/drFaustroll/m65) STM/APM32F103C8T6, aka Black Pill
* Hardware Availability: [custom how to](https://alin.elena.space/blog/keeblego/)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

> ```
>     make m65/rev1:default
> ```
> flashing:
> 
> ```
>     make m65/rev1:default:flash
> ```
> LWR+RSE+r to get into flash mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make m65/rev1:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make m65/rev1:default:flash

To enter flashing mode, press Lower+Raise+R.
```
